Fix DOI for Darwin, C. G. and update doi url style (#41972)
mantidproject/mantid: docs/source/algorithms/PDFFourierTransform-v1.rst

----------

> #. B. H. Toby and T. Egami, *Accuracy of Pair Distribution Functions Analysis Appliced to Crystalline and Non-Crystalline Materials*, Acta Cryst. (1992) A **48**, 336-346

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. B. H. Toby and T. Egami, *Accuracy of Pair Distribution Functions Analysis Applied to Crystalline and Non-Crystalline Materials*, Acta Crystallographica, Section A. (1992) A **48**, 336-346
```

   `doi: 10.1107/S0108767391011327 <https://doi.org/10.1107/S0108767391011327>`_

> #. B.H. Toby and S. Billinge, *Determination of Standard uncertainties in fits to pair distribution functions*  Acta Cryst. (2004) A **60**, 315-317]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. B.H. Toby and S. Billinge, *Determination of Standard uncertainties in fits to pair distribution functions*  Acta Crystallographica, Section A. (2004) A **60**, 315-317
```
